Update the README (#232)
Axual/ksml: README.md

KSML was started by Axual in early 2021 and open-sourced in May 2021.

## Why KSML?

Kafka Streams is powerful but **Java-centric**. KSML eliminates the Java boiler-plate through:

* **Declarative YAML** for topology wiring
* **User-defined functions in Python** for customized business logic
* **One command** to package and run (container image or in your own JVM)

## Language

To quickly jump to the KSML specification, use this link: https://axual.github.io/ksml/

## Examples

The following examples are provided in the `examples` directory:

| Filename                                                                                    | Description                                                                                      |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [01-example-inspect.yaml](examples/01-example-inspect.yaml)                                 | Reads messages from a topic and output them on stdout                                            |

> | [02-example-copy.yaml](examples/02-example-copy.yaml)                                       | Provides two ways to copy all messages from one topic to another topic                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [02-example-copy.yaml](examples/02-example-copy.yaml)                                       | Provides two ways to copy all messages from one topic to another topic: using predefined stream references and inline topic definitions                           |
```

| [10-example-queryable-table.yaml](examples/10-example-queryable-table.yaml)                 | Shows how to use the queryable state store feature                                               |
| [11-example-field-modification.yaml](examples/11-example-field-modification.yaml)           | Modifies fields from an input message before sending to an output topic                          |
| [12-example-byte-manipulation.yaml](examples/12-example-byte-manipulation.yaml)             | Reads data from a binary input topic, modifies some bytes and writes to an output topic          |
| [13-example-join.yaml](examples/13-example-join.yaml)                                       | Joins a stream with a table and writes to an output topic                                        |
| [14-example-manual-state-store.yaml](examples/14-example-manual-state-store.yaml)           | Explains how to use a manual state store                                                         |
| [15-example-pipeline-linking.yaml](examples/15-example-pipeline-linking.yaml)               | Shows how the result of one pipeline can be used to start the next                               |

> | [16-example-transform-metadata.yaml](examples/16-example-transform-metadata.yaml)           | Reads from an input topic, transforms headers and writes to an output topic                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [16-example-transform-metadata.yaml](examples/16-example-transform-metadata.yaml)           | Shows how to modify message metadata including timestamps and headers, adding custom headers to messages during processing                      |
```
